Update document (#3746)
infiniflow/ragflow: docs/guides/deploy_local_llm.mdx

4. OPTIONAL: Switch on the toggle under **Does it support Vision?** if your model includes an image-to-text model.

:::caution NOTE

> - If RAGFlow is in Docker and Ollama run on the same host, use `http://host.docker.internal:11434` as base URL.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- If RAGFlow is in Docker and Ollama runs on the same host machine, use `http://host.docker.internal:11434` as base URL.
```
